
need level for jumping over pit
CUT M9.. it's already a 2x later
M10, make 2x?
CUT M11? same idea as M3 really

- consider just offering various "moments of reflection" when each puzzle is solved! just like..quotes.
- look at how Sworcery does its "worship mode". When in mirror mode, we should have a low hum noise in the BG, it should shimmer when the mouse moves, light should emit from the edge, etc.
- stripes across mirror?
- sijie's mockup graphics, with the outlines, etc.
		and the notebook elements
		bring over StrokeGeometry from BJR
- reflect effects: try some "looks" in photoshop..
		current geo "behind" mirror (ie. in the reflected side) should be in dotted outline?
- for SJ:
		animate carrot/keys
- when y velocity is negative, switch to "falling" anim with ears down
- add per-level tutorial/story text
- polish stuff to try:
	snow flakes, randomly jittered for "wind"
	scrolling bg over grid
	lighting shafts, behind and in front
	anything can move/rotate slowly, alpha-modulate. ie. rotating sun-rays lighting, hori-scrolling clouds
	slow alpha-modulation
	light color changes when you get all keys?
	fx when unlock carrot
	fx when grab keys, pop bubble key
- make level geo double-sided for physics? why not?
- grid-snapping or mirror location to keep things less fidgety..
	- although the visual grid bg helps already
- make the level geo polygon have pretty outlines
	can use new GL API of Unity! Err.. Can we?
- level-select screen. Just show the level geometry and detect clicks on level areas! add number overlays

MAYBE, LOW PRIO:
- ok new level geo pipeline: Use blender to build geometry, then just use Unity to place objects

STORY/LYRICS:

----------------------------------------
Idea 1: "Philosophical"

Life is simple when my goals are clear (star)
Even when they seem impossible (star)
But sometimes, things become uncertain (? block)
And I need to do some self-reflection (mirror)
Should I seek money? (coin)
Should I seek love? (heart)
Should I seek status? (ribbon)
Should I seek approval? (thumbs up)
Or just be myself? (self)
But am I who I want to be? (white self)
Can I improve myself? (taller self)
Or should I just accept my faults? (self)
What is worth suffering for? (crown of thorns)
What is worth years of my life? (sand timer)
When should I just give up? (surrender flag)
Am I thinking too much? (brain)

----------------------------------------
Idea 2: "Nightmare"
largely mimicking the Mulholland Dr. diner scene

So, I have this recurring dream...
I'm always in a box of some sort
And, for some reason, I'm always trying to get this stone
It starts out pretty simple at first
Then I realize that I can change things
It's hard to describe, but I'm able to alter my situation
It's pretty exhilirating. I feel powerful. In control.
And I'm able to keep chasing the rocks
Sometimes things get tricky, but I find a way
Random things appear here and there. Like most dreams.
